You want past lives, you want status.
I want to get the true biography and become a grandmaster
I want to be admired by everyone
This is all your confidants
But do you know what these things mean to me?
How tedious it is
fly
You look so high
I really am
I ask you if you are poor and leave home poor
Next is poor, I said how did you get along so fast
What does SS mean?
I ran away.
His brother, his bones never had a chance to do things
The Receiver Helps the Misguided
More than a disciple
I just have to deal with me
law of the jungle
This guy?
It's your hospital
Ado Koga
What do you want?
But keep you around your big belly
It won't happen in front of the whole world
You never let me go
Otherwise, these two people
Don't remember
Brother, do you know where your friend is?
Go for it.
In front of the world
Beat him hard